SPCTR-3516: Fix - Icon List vertical layout issue in tablet (#3602)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Icon List - Resolved an issue where the vertical layout alignment breaks in tablet device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Icon List - Resolved an issue wherein the vertical layout alignment would not appear as intended in the editor's tablet view. 
```

Author: Done.
